so this file would probably get uploaded 21 days from now, not sure who will read this but if you are, why are you even here

I never cared about birthdays, I mean posting stories is stupid right?
so I thought I'll introduce myself maybe in a wired way.

Hi I'm chokun
I'm that nerdy annoying guy in the group that always have bed hair.
that's intentional because I do sleep a lot resulting in that hairstyle.
born exactly 19 years ago from the day you're reading this.

I mean I don't even realized it's my birthdays half the time.
my parents woke up early once, to surprise me when I'm getting ready for school,
enough on that.

> very quiet introvert, and a people pleaser.
I prioritize people around me before myself, just most of the time.
being very quiet has get me through most of my life without making too much enemies.
it also result in me not being able to start conversation properly so forget girlfriends lol.
every single girl I'm close with is the result of them starting a conversation.
high school was a breeze, uni was even better, sleep > class > sleep. (I shower and eat but let's leave that out)

> always home, shut in if you can say.
people say I should be swapped with my sister,
she is almost never home, I'm always home.
mostly because I'm saving up or I already spent that month allowance on some new hardware so I can't afford to go out.

> anime changed me
I got into anime after my first real relationship, after some problems I found an anime and start watching and learning
I watched quite a lot of anime that week, and decided to dump my first girlfriend because I thought I deserve better.
I happily stand corrected.
let's say you can guess my favourite anime and character by looking at my figure collection.

> expensive hobby (why won't you stoppp)
it's very expensive, I got into tech. basically just coding and gaming.
that quickly evolved into homelabbing, anime hoarding, figure collection
and the final one. engineering (this shit broke my wallet)
it's good having access to cheap sensors and stuff, homelabing is much more expensive. but looking at the hardware I bought.
I could've built myself a very nice lab by selling my printers and all the crap I don't use.

> vibe based uni selection.
I already know I won't learn anything from school, the knowledge I have already go pass what school can give me.
the way they teach won't work so I settle on a new uni selection. I want to learn japanese.
that decision is made the night TQQ Movie is available without subtitle and I sit and watch through the whole thing.
without understanding a single word. and I settle on IT because it gives a good balance of not too much tech stuff.
and giving me enough time to enjoy life..

that's about it. not sure what's left to say.
Happy Birthday maybe to me?
sure.
just keep it off your stories.
ありがとう for hearing me out.